docs/README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">ASUS ZenBook Duo 14 UX481 Hackintosh</h1>
<br>
<p align="center">
  <img
      src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/UX481FL.png"
      alt="UX481FL"
      class="center"
      width=500px
    >
  <br>
  A <b>Hackintosh</b> project for the <b>ASUS ZenBook Duo 14</b> (2019, UX481FA/FL) built on top of the <a href="https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg">OpenCore</a> bootloader and <a href="https://github.com/Qonfused/OC-Build">OC-Build</a> build manager.
</p>

## ⚙️ Current Progress

> **Note** This repository is still a work in progress.
>
> See this repository's [project board](https://github.com/users/Qonfused/projects/2/views/4) and [issues page](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/issues) for current progress.

### macOS version support:

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>macOS Version</th>
      <th colspan=2>Status</th>
      <th>Minimum version</th>
      <th>Maximum version</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <!-- macOS 13 -->
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/ventura.png"
          width=25
          hspace=2
          align="top"
        />
        Ventura
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully Supported.</td>
      <td><code>(None)</code></td>
      <td><a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/macos-ventura/id1638787999"><code>(Latest)</code></a></td>
    </tr>
  <!-- macOS 12 -->
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/monterey.png"
          width=22
          hspace=2
          align="top"
        />
        Monterey
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully Supported.</td>
      <td><code>(None)</code></td>
      <td><a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/macos-monterey/id1576738294"><code>(Latest)</code></a></td>
    </tr>
  <!-- macOS 11 -->
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/bigsur.png"
          width=25
          hspace=2
          align="top"
        />
        Big Sur
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully Supported.</td>
      <td><code>(None)</code></td>
      <td><a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/macos-big-sur/id1526878132"><code>(Latest)</code></a></td>
    </tr>
<!-- macOS 10.15 -->
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/catalina.png"
          width=25
          hspace=2
          align="top"
        />
        Catalina
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully Supported.</td>
      <td><a href="https://support.apple.com/kb/DL2036?locale=en_US"><code>10.15.4 (19E2265)</code></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://apps.apple.com/sg/app/macos-catalina/id1466841314"><code>(Latest)</code></a></td>
    </tr>
</table>


### Hardware features:
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Component</th>
      <th>Device</th>
      <th colspan=2>Status</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <!-- Processor -->
    <tr>
      <td>CPU</td>
      <td>• Intel Core i7-10510U<br>• Intel Core i5-10210U</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Natively supported (since macOS Catalina).</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Graphics -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Graphics</td>
      <td>Intel UHD Graphics 620</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Full acceleration (with DRM).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nvidia GeForce MX250 2GB</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">❌</td>
      <td>Disabled; no macOS support.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Displays -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Displays</td>
      <td>14" Primary Display<br>(IPS, 1920x1080 @ 60 Hz)</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with backlight control).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>12.6" Screenpad Plus Display<br>(IPS, 1920x515 @ 60 Hz)</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Work in progress (with backlight control).</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Interfaces -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=6>Interfaces</td>
      <td>Built-in Keyboard</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with media keys and backlight control).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Built-in Trackpad</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (GPIO pinned with multi-touch gestures)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>(Physical) Trackpad Buttons</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Work in progress (VoodooI2C issue; incorrect button map).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Touchscreen<br>(Primary Display)<br>(Screenpad Plus Display)</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td rowspan=2>Fully supported (GPIO pinned with multi-touch gestures)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Capacitive Stylus</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Work in progress (works without pressure data).</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Audio -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Audio<br>(Realtek ALC294)</td>
      <td>Built-in speakers</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with volume control).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Built-in microphone</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Camera -->
    <tr>
      <td>Camera</td>
      <td>Windows Hello HD Camera</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Work in progress.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Wi-Fi + Bluetooth -->
    <tr>
      <td>Wi-Fi</td>
      <td rowspan=2>Intel AX201<br>(Wi-Fi 6 + Bluetooth 5.0)</td>
      <td rowspan=2 style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td rowspan=2>Fully supported (with limited Continuity support).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Bluetooth</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Storage -->
    <tr>
      <td>Storage</td>
      <td>Intel 660p NVMe SSD</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with power management).</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Ports -->
    <tr>
      <td>Ports</td>
      <td>(Left)<br>• 1x 4.5mm DC-in (19V, 3.42A)<br>• 1x HDMI 1.4<br>• 1x USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-A<br>• 1x USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C<br>(Right)<br>• 1x USB 3.1 Gen 1 Type-A<br>• 1x 3.5 mm Audio combo jack<br>• 1x MicroSD card reader</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Battery and Power -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Battery</td>
      <td>Built-in Battery</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with power reading).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AC Power Adapter</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with hotplug and charge limit feature).</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


### Software features:

> **Note** To enable iServices functionality, download [GenSMBIOS](https://github.com/corpnewt/GenSMBIOS) and [generate SMBIOS data](https://dortania.github.io/OpenCore-Post-Install/universal/iservices.html#using-gensmbios) for your machine.
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Type</th>
      <th>Feature</th>
      <th colspan=2>Status</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <!-- iServices -->
    <tr>
      <td colspan=2>iServices (iCloud)</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Continuity -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=6>Continuity</td>
      <td>Airplay to Mac</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported.</td>
    <tr>
      <td>Sidecar</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported.</td>
    <tr>
      <td>Handoff</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Continuity Camera</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Untested.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Universal Clipboard</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Universal Control</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Sleep + Wake -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Sleep / Wake</td>
      <td>Sleep</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Hibernation</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Untested.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Battery meter -->
    <tr>
      <td colspan=2>Battery Indication</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported.</td>
    </tr>
</table>

## ⚡ Getting Started

### 1. Clone this repository using Git

To clone this repository locally with submodules:
```sh
# git versions >2.12 to 2.8+ (newest)
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh

# git versions 1.6.5 to 2.12
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh

# git versions <1.6.5 (older)
git clone https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> **Note**: Optionally, you can add the following git aliases to always resolve submodules:
> ```sh
> # git versions >2.12 to 2.8+ (newest)
> git config --global alias.clone-all 'clone --recurse-submodules'
> git config --global alias.pull-all 'pull --recurse-submodules'
> 
> # git versions 1.6.5 to 2.12
> git config --global alias.clone-all 'clone --recursive'
> git config --global alias.pull-all 'pull --recursive'
> ```

Change directory to project root:
```sh
cd ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh
```

### 2. Build this repository using OC-Build
> **Note** **OC-Build** must be run in a Linux or macOS environment.
> 
> For Windows users, refer to [aka.ms/wslinstall](aka.ms/wslinstall) and [aka.ms/wsl2](aka.ms/wsl2) for instructions on installing wsl and upgrading to the wsl2 kernel (recommended).
>
> For Linux users (or wsl), ensure you have the following commands available:
>  - **bsdtar**
>    - Install with `sudo apt install libarchive-tools`
>    - Verify with `bsdtar --version`
>  - **iasl**
>    - Install with `sudo apt install acpica-tools`
>    - Verify with `iasl -v`

To build this project's EFI, run the below command(s) at the root of the project:
```sh
# Run build pipeline for the UX481FA/FL EFI
bash ./scripts/build.sh

# --- or ---

# Build the UX481FA/FL EFI
bash ./scripts/lib/oc-build/build.sh -c ./src/build.yml

# Apply VoodooI2CHID Info.plist patch
bash ./scripts/lib/patch-voodooi2chid.sh
```

You can manually validate the EFI build with the below script:
```sh
# Verify build output for the UX481FA/FL EFI
bash ./scripts/validate-efi.sh
```

#### 3. Using this EFI with macOS
Refer to the [Install Guide](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/wiki/Install-Guide) and [Post-Install Guide](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/wiki/Post-Install-Guide) for installation instructions.

## 🔥 Contributing
Refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/blob/main/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions on making contributions to this project.

## ⚖️ License
[BSD 3-Clause License](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/blob/main/LICENSE).

## 🌟 Credits
- [Apple](https://www.apple.com) for macOS
- [shiecldk](https://github.com/shiecldk) for his contributions, and his work in the original [Zenbook Pro Duo 15" (UX582) OpenCore configuration and guide](https://github.com/shiecldk/ASUS-ZenBook-Pro-Duo-15-OLED-UX582-Hackintosh) that inspired this project.

Commit message:

Docs: Update build instructions w/ Linux fixes

docs/README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">ASUS ZenBook Duo 14 UX481 Hackintosh</h1>
<br>
<p align="center">
  <img
      src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/UX481FL.png"
      alt="UX481FL"
      class="center"
      width=500px
    >
  <br>
  A <b>Hackintosh</b> project for the <b>ASUS ZenBook Duo 14</b> (2019, UX481FA/FL) built on top of the <a href="https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg">OpenCore</a> bootloader and <a href="https://github.com/Qonfused/OC-Build">OC-Build</a> build manager.
</p>

## ⚙️ Current Progress

> **Note** This repository is still a work in progress.
>
> See this repository's [project board](https://github.com/users/Qonfused/projects/2/views/4) and [issues page](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/issues) for current progress.

### macOS version support:
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>macOS Version</th>
      <th colspan=2>Status</th>
      <th>Minimum version</th>
      <th>Maximum version</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <!-- macOS 13 -->
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/ventura.png"
          width=25
          hspace=2
          align="top"
        />
        Ventura
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully Supported.</td>
      <td><code>(None)</code></td>
      <td><a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/macos-ventura/id1638787999"><code>(Latest)</code></a></td>
    </tr>
  <!-- macOS 12 -->
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/monterey.png"
          width=22
          hspace=2
          align="top"
        />
        Monterey
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully Supported.</td>
      <td><code>(None)</code></td>
      <td><a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/macos-monterey/id1576738294"><code>(Latest)</code></a></td>
    </tr>
  <!-- macOS 11 -->
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/bigsur.png"
          width=25
          hspace=2
          align="top"
        />
        Big Sur
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully Supported.</td>
      <td><code>(None)</code></td>
      <td><a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/macos-big-sur/id1526878132"><code>(Latest)</code></a></td>
    </tr>
<!-- macOS 10.15 -->
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img
          src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/main/docs/assets/README/catalina.png"
          width=25
          hspace=2
          align="top"
        />
        Catalina
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully Supported.</td>
      <td><a href="https://support.apple.com/kb/DL2036?locale=en_US"><code>10.15.4 (19E2265)</code></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://apps.apple.com/sg/app/macos-catalina/id1466841314"><code>(Latest)</code></a></td>
    </tr>
</table>


### Hardware features:
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Component</th>
      <th>Device</th>
      <th colspan=2>Status</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <!-- Processor -->
    <tr>
      <td>CPU</td>
      <td>• Intel Core i7-10510U<br>• Intel Core i5-10210U</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Natively supported (since macOS Catalina).</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Graphics -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Graphics</td>
      <td>Intel UHD Graphics 620</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Full acceleration (with DRM).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nvidia GeForce MX250 2GB</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">❌</td>
      <td>Disabled; no macOS support.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Displays -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Displays</td>
      <td>14" Primary Display<br>(IPS, 1920x1080 @ 60 Hz)</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with backlight control).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>12.6" Screenpad Plus Display<br>(IPS, 1920x515 @ 60 Hz)</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Work in progress (with backlight control).</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Interfaces -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=6>Interfaces</td>
      <td>Built-in Keyboard</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with media keys and backlight control).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Built-in Trackpad</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (GPIO pinned with multi-touch gestures)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>(Physical) Trackpad Buttons</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Work in progress (VoodooI2C issue; incorrect button map).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Touchscreen<br>(Primary Display)<br>(Screenpad Plus Display)</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td rowspan=2>Fully supported (GPIO pinned with multi-touch gestures)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Capacitive Stylus</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Work in progress (works without pressure data).</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Audio -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Audio<br>(Realtek ALC294)</td>
      <td>Built-in speakers</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with volume control).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Built-in microphone</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Camera -->
    <tr>
      <td>Camera</td>
      <td>Windows Hello HD Camera</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Work in progress.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Wi-Fi + Bluetooth -->
    <tr>
      <td>Wi-Fi</td>
      <td rowspan=2>Intel AX201<br>(Wi-Fi 6 + Bluetooth 5.0)</td>
      <td rowspan=2 style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td rowspan=2>Fully supported (with limited Continuity support).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Bluetooth</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Storage -->
    <tr>
      <td>Storage</td>
      <td>Intel 660p NVMe SSD</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with power management).</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Ports -->
    <tr>
      <td>Ports</td>
      <td>(Left)<br>• 1x 4.5mm DC-in (19V, 3.42A)<br>• 1x HDMI 1.4<br>• 1x USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-A<br>• 1x USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C<br>(Right)<br>• 1x USB 3.1 Gen 1 Type-A<br>• 1x 3.5 mm Audio combo jack<br>• 1x MicroSD card reader</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Battery and Power -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Battery</td>
      <td>Built-in Battery</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with power reading).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AC Power Adapter</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported (with hotplug and charge limit feature).</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


### Software features:
> **Note** To enable iServices functionality, download [GenSMBIOS](https://github.com/corpnewt/GenSMBIOS) and [generate SMBIOS data](https://dortania.github.io/OpenCore-Post-Install/universal/iservices.html#using-gensmbios) for your machine.
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Type</th>
      <th>Feature</th>
      <th colspan=2>Status</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <!-- iServices -->
    <tr>
      <td colspan=2>iServices (iCloud)</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Continuity -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=6>Continuity</td>
      <td>Airplay to Mac</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported.</td>
    <tr>
      <td>Sidecar</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported.</td>
    <tr>
      <td>Handoff</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Continuity Camera</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Untested.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Universal Clipboard</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Universal Control</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Sleep + Wake -->
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Sleep / Wake</td>
      <td>Sleep</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Supported.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Hibernation</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">🚧</td>
      <td>Untested.</td>
    </tr>
  <!-- Battery meter -->
    <tr>
      <td colspan=2>Battery Indication</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">✅</td>
      <td>Fully supported.</td>
    </tr>
</table>

## ⚡ Getting Started

### 1. Clone this repository using Git

To clone this repository locally with submodules:
```sh
# git versions >2.12 to 2.8+ (newest)
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh

# git versions 1.6.5 to 2.12
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh

# git versions <1.6.5 (older)
git clone https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> **Note**: Optionally, you can add the following git aliases to always resolve submodules:
> ```sh
> # git versions >2.12 to 2.8+ (newest)
> git config --global alias.clone-all 'clone --recurse-submodules'
> git config --global alias.pull-all 'pull --recurse-submodules'
> 
> # git versions 1.6.5 to 2.12
> git config --global alias.clone-all 'clone --recursive'
> git config --global alias.pull-all 'pull --recursive'
> ```

Change directory to project root:
```sh
cd ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh
```

### 2. Build this repository using OC-Build
**OC-Build** must be run in a Linux or macOS environment.

> **Note** You
> may need to upgrade your git version manually in order for sparse git cloning
> to work with the OC-Build script (required).
>
> Standard package repos on Ubuntu install git version 2.25.1 by default. You can upgrade your git version to the latest release candidate by running:
> ```sh
> sudo add-apt-repository ppa:git-core/candidate
> sudo apt update
> ```
>
> Refer to https://launchpad.net/~git-core/+archive/ubuntu/candidate for more info.

For Windows users, refer to [aka.ms/wslinstall](aka.ms/wslinstall) and [aka.ms/wsl2](aka.ms/wsl2) for instructions on installing wsl and upgrading to the wsl2 kernel (recommended).

For Linux users (or wsl), ensure you have the following commands available:
- **cURL**
  - Install with `sudo apt install curl`
  - Verify with `curl --version`
- **bsdtar**
  - Install with `sudo apt install libarchive-tools`
  - Verify with `bsdtar --version`
- **iasl**
  - Install with `sudo apt install acpica-tools`
  - Verify with `iasl -v`

To build this project's EFI, run the below command(s) at the root of the project:
```sh
# Run build pipeline for the UX481FA/FL EFI
bash scripts/build.sh

# --- or ---

# Build the UX481FA/FL EFI
bash scripts/lib/oc-build/build.sh -c src/build.yml

# Apply VoodooI2CHID Info.plist patch
bash scripts/lib/patch-voodooi2chid.sh
```

You can manually validate the EFI build with the below script:
```sh
# Verify build output for the UX481FA/FL EFI
bash scripts/validate-efi.sh
```

#### 3. Using this EFI with macOS
Refer to the [Install Guide](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/wiki/Install-Guide) and [Post-Install Guide](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/wiki/Post-Install-Guide) for installation instructions.

## 🔥 Contributing
Contributions to this project are always welcome! Refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/blob/main/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions (and tips) on making contributions to this project.

## ⚖️ License
[BSD 3-Clause License](https://github.com/Qonfused/ASUS-ZenBook-Duo-14-UX481-Hackintosh/blob/main/LICENSE).

## 🌟 Credits
- [Apple](https://www.apple.com) for macOS
- [shiecldk](https://github.com/shiecldk) for his contributions, and his work in the original [Zenbook Pro Duo 15" (UX582) OpenCore configuration and guide](https://github.com/shiecldk/ASUS-ZenBook-Pro-Duo-15-OLED-UX582-Hackintosh) that inspired this project.
